# Hong Kong Airbnb Data Analysis



## Table of Contents
1. [Project Motivation](#1-project-motivation)
2. [Dependencies](#2-dependencies)
3. [File Structure & Description](#3-file-structure--description)
4. [Analysis Results](#4-analysis-results)
5. [Acknowledgements](#5-acknowledgements)



## 1. Project Motivation
The objective of this project is to analyze the open-source Hong Kong Airbnb data by employing statistics and visualizations so that five business questions can be compellingly answered:

- Q1. Which neighborhood has the greatest potential of maximizing the revenue?
- Q2. Is being a super host worthy?
- Q3. Which month is best for visits in terms of availability and pricing?
- Q4. Which neighborhood you should start looking into first in terms of the variety of choices?
- Q5. What are the impact of the 2019 Hong Kong protests and the COVID-19 pandemic from the Airbnb perspective?

This analytics provides an overview of some aspects of the Hong Kong Airbnb market, It can also serve as a guide to all future hosts and visitors, as it answers questions such as the seasonality of availability, or how the super host status influences the revenue.



## 2. Dependencies
The code is developed with Python 3.7.12 and is dependent on python packages listed as below:
- matplotlib == 3.2.2
- numpy == 1.19.5
- pandas == 1.1.5
- seaborn == 0.11.2
- statsmodels == 0.10.2


## 3. File Structure & Description
~~~~~~~
|-- data
    |-- calendar.csv # detailed Calendar Data for Hong Kong
    |-- listings.csv # detailed Listings data for Hong Kong
    |-- reviews_summary.csv # summary of review data with listing ID for Hong Kong
|-- figures # contains visualizations generated by the jupyter notebook
|-- README.md
|-- Submission_EDA_of_HK_Airbnb.ipynb # exploratory & explanatory data analysis for Q1-5
~~~~~~~



## 4. Analysis Results
The main findings of this project is presented in a medium blog post available [here](https://medium.com/@timchansdp/testing-259fbaa7742f).



## 5. Acknowledgements
[Inside Airbnb](http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html) is credited with the listings data used in this project. Inside Airbnb is a mission driven activist project with the objective to provide data that quantifies the impact of short-term rentals on housing and residential communities; and also provides a platform to support advocacy for policies to protect our cities from the impacts of short-term rentals.
